com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivitySemanaBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivitySemanaBinding
com/example/practica2/Tarea.java
 com.example.practica2.Tarea
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityAgendaBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityAgendaBinding
com/example/practica2/IncorrectDatesException.java
 com.example.practica2.IncorrectDatesException
com/example/practica2/HorarioActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.HorarioActivity
 com.example.practica2.HorarioActivity$1
 com.example.practica2.HorarioActivity$2
 com.example.practica2.HorarioActivity$3
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityHorarioBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityHorarioBinding
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityHorarioNullBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityHorarioNullBinding
com/example/practica2/Clase.java
 com.example.practica2.Clase
com/example/practica2/NewTareaActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.NewTareaActivity
 com.example.practica2.NewTareaActivity$1
 com.example.practica2.NewTareaActivity$2
 com.example.practica2.NewTareaActivity$3
com/example/practica2/Horario.java
 com.example.practica2.Horario
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityClaseBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityClaseBinding
com/example/practica2/TareaActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.TareaActivity
 com.example.practica2.TareaActivity$1
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityNewTareaBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityNewTareaBinding
com/example/practica2/SemanaActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.SemanaActivity
com/example/practica2/DiaActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.DiaActivity
 com.example.practica2.DiaActivity$1
com/example/practica2/IncorrectHoursException.java
 com.example.practica2.IncorrectHoursException
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityTareaBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityTareaBinding
com/example/practica2/DbHelper.java
 com.example.practica2.DbHelper
com/example/practica2/Evento.java
 com.example.practica2.Evento
com/example/practica2/StringCreator.java
 com.example.practica2.StringCreator
com/example/practica2/Calendario.java
 com.example.practica2.Calendario
com/example/practica2/CalendarioActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.CalendarioActivity
 com.example.practica2.CalendarioActivity$1
com/example/practica2/ClaseActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.ClaseActivity
 com.example.practica2.ClaseActivity$1
 com.example.practica2.ClaseActivity$2
 com.example.practica2.ClaseActivity$3
 com.example.practica2.ClaseActivity$4
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityDiaBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityDiaBinding
com/example/practica2/databinding/ActivityCalendarioBinding.java
 com.example.practica2.databinding.ActivityCalendarioBinding
com/example/practica2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.practica2.BuildConfig
com/example/practica2/MainActivity.java
 com.example.practica2.MainActivity
com/example/practica2/DbContactos.java
 com.example.practica2.DbContactos
com/example/practica2/AgendaProfesores.java
 com.example.practica2.AgendaProfesores
